Adds charm deployment command in README (#53)
canonical/tls-certificates-operator: README.md

## Usage

> Deploy the charm and relate it to the certificate requirer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the charm and integrate it to a certificate requirer:
```

```bash
juju deploy tls-certificates-operator

> juju relate tls-certificates-operator <TLS Certificates Requirer>

Reviewer: Plese use "integrate"
